# Project3 - Logic Games

This sofware is a two in one game sofware, composed of PlusMinus game and Mastermind game.

	PlusMinus : A secret numerical combination has to be found. For each answer, a hint is returned indicating, for each digit, if the combination digit is higher or lower than players answer. 

	Mastermind : A secret color combination has to be found. for each answer, a hint is returned indicating if there is any color well placed, and if there is any color not well placed but existing in the combination. 

Each game can be played in 3 different modes. 

	Challenger mode : The player has to find the secret combination generted by the computer in a limited number of trial. 
	
	Defender mode : The player enters a secret combination to be guessed by the computer in a limited number of trial. 
	
	Duel mode : Player and computer play against each other trying to be the first to find the secret combination of the other.

A developer mode can be actived. This mode will allow you to see the secret combination generated by the computer as well as detailed computer move in Mastermind defender and duel mode. 

For each game, the combination length, the number of error allowed, and the size of the color Pool (only for Mastermind) can be set.


## Getting Started

To compile the file. In console, got to your directory containing the Project3-Game.jar file, and type the folowing instruction : 
	java -jar Project3-Game.jar
	java -jar Project3-Game.jar -dev (will start the program in developer mode). 

You can also activate / desactivate the developer mode, as well as, define the combinations length, the number of errors allowed, and the size of the pool of colours via the dataConfig.properties file within the Project3-Game.jar file.  


### Prerequisites

Install the lastest version of Java JRE 9.0.4. 


## Built With

* [Eclipse](https://www.eclipse.org/documentation/)


## Authors

* **Philippe Plaxine** - *Initial work* - [PPlaxine](https://github.com/pplaxine)

